RBAC Security setup for Storage Account-------
For our storage account that will hold our tfstate and tfvars file(s), we need to make sure
that the following is configured on the Azure side first:

1. Assign the "Storage Blob Data Contributor" role on the storage account container.
2. Assign/set "Reader" on the storage account itself (only required if Lookup_blob_endpoint is true)

For the storage account configuration itself, we need to make sure that its a blob storage
by setting the value of "account_tier" to "Standard" and the "account_kind" to "BlobStorage".
This combination of properties will ensure the lowest price for our needs.

Storage Account architecture-------------------
The state files will live in a storage account under their own container called "tfstate", while
our tfvars files will live under the same storage account but under their own container that's
called "tfvars". Both file types will be blob files.

Blob file handling method----------------------
Terraform doesn’t have a mechanism to “store” nor “fetch” tfvars files from Azure automatically.
We can put them in Blob Storage, but we'll need to handle retrieval ourselves
(via scripts, CI/CD pipelines, or manual download).

In our use case, our ADO build pipline is written to perform the following operations against our
Storage Account:
-TFState files: Upload & Fetch (upload is possible because of our backend.tf file)
-TFVars files: Fetch only (upload is only possible via az storage cmds from VSCode)
Again, this goes back to the principle of "where" we are issuing the "terraform init / apply" cmds.
Instead of manually doing that from VSCode, we can enable full CI/CD of DevOps itself and keep
our git-workflow which supports the use of a repository for our Terraform code.

NOTE: "terraform init" and "terraform apply" cmds are the ones that auto-leverage the backend.tf
file which is how our ADO Build Pipeline can do all the uploading of the tfstate files. It also
circumvents having to deal with "terraform workspace" commands (discussed in separate notes file.)
